[MTM-61506] RN improved device availability monitoring, when switchin… (#2987)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/platform-services/cumulocity-20-25-76-0-improved-device-availability-monitoring.md

---
date: ""

> title: Improved Device Availability Monitoring

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improved device availability monitoring
```

product_area: Platform services
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-OG_650_b2
    label: Core platform
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-QHwMfWtBk7
    label: cumulocity
ticket: MTM-61506
version: 20.25.76.0
---

> Enhancing device availability monitoring by adding a safeguard when transitioning into or out of the MAINTENANCE state. Preventing stale lastMessage entries to ensure accurate status tracking and improved data integrity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when turning on or off the maintenance mode in the device status, **Last Communication** showed a wrong date.  To fix this issue, the device availability monitoring has been enhanced by adding a safeguard when transitioning into or out of the maintenance mode. This prevents stale ´lastMessage´ entries and ensures accurate status tracking and improved data integrity.
```
